their composure strip tom and here with
your videos with tips I just got back
from after dark couple weeks ago and if
you've never been done after dark
seminar it's a must-see event there it's
my first one mentoring I'd never been to
one before to mentor or a student but it
was unbelievable just the amount of
information that's there and I actually
learned something on this this one here
this here Neil van Niekerk showed me
this little technique here this is he
calls it the black thing and literally
all it is is a piece of neoprene black
neoprene it she's going up up up and
it's got two hair bands on it holding it
on and they just pulled it over ok but
what this does is when you're bouncing
your flash around it keeps it out of
other people the eyes so like if you're
standing next to like the mother the
bride and you're shooting the bridegroom
it keeps it away from her eyes so it
doesn't bounce into her so but what I'm
here to talk to you about a little bit
is how to use bounce light to fill your
images so let me put this on here to the
camera and show you and just a little
bit about lighting basically there's
three types of light you've got broad
light short light and flat light that's
kind of the three sort of portrait
lights so broad lighting is basically
like if I'm were three cores the camera
you're going to light the broad side of
the face so that's broad lighting short
lighting I'm three-quarters camera you
would light the short side of the face
so the shadow side you light this site
and then flatlining obviously is to the
face so I'm going to pretend you are the
subject I'm lighting so what I'm going
to do and if se you can pan up here
you're going to see the whole room here
and we're just going to use this room
because it's basically like if you were
in a reception and granted the colors
are not gonna be the greatest you'd
normally be in a reception to be like
wouldn't be these colors but we're going
to just use this anyway and so if you're
the subject and I want to broad light
you so let's say I'm going to light you
on this side what am I going to do I'm
going to pick a spot
end point it right back to where I
wanted at the angle that I want the
light to hit you so if I want to broad
light you from that side i'm going to
point it basically like right back up
there okay turn on the flash and in TTL
I'm just going to go boom and I'm going
to be hitting you on this side at an
angle ok now if i want to go to the
other side i'm going to come around and
short light you on that side so i'm
going to point it back in this corner ok
and boom I just short let you ok so now
if I want a flat light which is what I
do all the time I'm going to stick that
sucker right overhead like so and bounce
it right behind me like right there just
feel really flat so we get a focus here
and boom so it's that simple instead of
trying to bounce off of like whatever
you know having little reflectors and
stuff just use the space sets available
available excuse me available to you in
TTL and it's actually going to do the
job for you so point point point broad
flat flat our short lighting it's that
simple so thanks Neil for that little
tip I actually was there with them
helping them out showing them the people
how to do this so anyway post grave com
thanks
you